Update index.md (#342)
PCMDI/pcmdi.github.io: staff/Xie/index.md

* Physical and Life Sciences Directorate Award for “Leadership and dedication to the DOE E3SM version 1 development”, LLNL, 2019

> * LLNL Deputy Director for Science and Technology Excellence in Publication Awards "The role of surface energy budget errors to the warm surface air temperatue error over teh central United States". LLNL, September 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* LLNL Deputy Director for Science and Technology Excellence in Publication Awards "The role of surface energy budget errors to the warm surface air temperature error over the central United States". LLNL, September 2019.
```
